<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="intro">
 <title>Introduction</title>
 <shortdesc>This section is an introduction to our evaluation of the group from Creating User
  Documentation who wrote about internships at Virginia Tech. </shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Our Creating User Documentation class was split into four groups and each was assigned to
   complete a group project using DITA and Markdown, that would help users at Virginia Tech to
   complete a task. Now that the projects are done, we have each been assigned to do a peer
   evaluation of another group's project.</p>
  <p>Our group has been tasked with reviewing the group who wrote about internships. We have been
   tasked with checking their project for issues related to the topics discussed in the book,
    <cite>Developing Quality Technical Information</cite> (DQTI) by Carey et al., and general
   usability.</p>
  <p>Throughout our evaluation, you will find our assessments of successes of the internship group
   and things that could have been done more effectively. You will also see notes related to more
   specific points, such as clarity, concreteness, style, navigation, and others.</p>
  <p>We will start with the quality evaluation based on DQTI, with specific principles defined and
   measured in the context of this site. Then we will assess the usability before finally providing
   recommendations for improvement. </p>
  <p>With that, let's jump right in!</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
