<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_snd_4bp_tz">
 <title>Quality of Technical Writing</title>
 <shortdesc>This section will review the quality of the writing based on the guidelines described in
   <cite>Developing Quality Technical Information</cite> by Carey et al.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Usability</title>
   <p>The three guidelines that dictate effective usability are task orientation, accuracy, and
    completeness.</p>
   <ol>
    <li>Task orientation involves writing content that caters to the user's goals. The WebHelp
     follows this guideline very well as there are step-by-step instructions on most of the pages,
     where applicable.</li>
    <li>The accuracy guideline dictates that the information should not only cater to the user's
     needs, but also be accurate. Something notable is that this WebHelp is specifically for English
     majors seeking internship, but it does not explicitly state this anywhere on the site, it is
     merely implied. Internship requirements, procedures, and advisors are different for other
     departments. The site should either indicate on the welcome page that these internships are
     specific to the English Department or include information for other departments.</li>
    <li>Completeness ensures that there is enough detail covered so that the user does not have to
     go back to the directions. On the Eligibility page, there is a line that prompts the user to
     click to an external link, but that is a broken link. Additionally, there isn't very much
     information on most of the pages under the "Get Started" menu.</li>
   </ol>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Understanding</title>
   <p>The three guidelines that primarily deal with effective understanding are clarity,
    concreteness, and style.</p>
   <ol>
    <li>Clarity is making sure that the information is clear to the users. The information on this
     website is very clear, and most college students will be able to understand the information
     being presented.</li>
    <li>Concreteness refers to being specific and definitc. The information in the website follows
     this guideline very well as it very specific to college students at Virginia Tech and helping
     them find an internship.</li>
    <li>Style includes the writing style and convenetions such as active vs. passive use,
     capitalization, punctuation, etc. For the most part, the website follows this guideline, but
     sometimes switches between second and third person (see "How to Consult Your Advisor" and "Internships for Credit" pages).</li>
   </ol>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Navigation</title>
   <p>Navigation is the user's ability to easily find what they are looking for. This can be split
    into three guidelines as well: organization, retrievability, and visual effectiveness. </p>
   <ol>
    <li>Organization refers to how the information is presented in the website. The information is
     very well organized, as the topics are sorted into various categories that make sense for the
     user, yet do not overwhelm them.</li>
    <li>Retrievabiltiy is how easily the user can go from one topic to another and back, without
     getting lost. The website ranks very highly in retrievability, as there is a sidebar as well as
     the drop-down menu on every page allowing users to move from page to page without getting
     lost.</li>
    <li>Visual effectiveness is a multi-faceted guideline that brings all the others together with a
     goal of encouraging users to interact with the site. The WebHelp accomplishes this by having a
     consistent design across all the pages. The navigation buttons are very clearly titled and
     allow users to quickly find what they are looking for. The color scheme is also easy on the
     eyes, enhancing accessbility for those who may have a visual impairment. All of the external
     links that are properly linked are displayed in a different color so that it is obvious to the
     user that it is a link.</li>
   </ol>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
