<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="task_elk_fhk_vz">
    <title>Recommendations</title>
    <shortdesc>Here are a few suggestions for making the WebHelp even better than it is
        now!</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <ul>
                <li>Navigation Bar- There are many different ways to have a navigation bar bring you
                    to the different pages of your website. While there isn't anything wrong with
                    simply listing the topics horizontally, it is not the most aesthetically
                    pleasing because of the number of topics. A more user-friendly navigation bar
                    could be making less topics appear in the bar so as not to overwhelm users.</li>
                <li>Justify your color scheme- The red and black with blue text does not seem to
                    have a purpose behind it. There is nothing wrong with it, but there doesn't seem
                    to be a reason why these colors were used. This scheme does not work into the
                    theme of the site.</li>
                <li>Fix the layout of the "Benefits of Internships" page- The layout here does not
                    look good. The text is to the left of the picture and it appears like it was
                    intended for it to be above, similar to a subheading. Fixing this will make the
                    page look much better.</li>
                <li>Get a better title- Making the site titled simply "Internships" is not the best
                    option. If this was a real resource for students to go to to learn about this
                    subject, what would the name be? Try a more detailed and less general
                    title.</li>
                <li>Site clarification- It is unknown whether the site is intended for only English
                    students, as there are many things specific to English students, or for all
                    students at Virginia Tech, because there are a lot of generalities as well.
                    Making the site more specific can help students visiting the site determine if
                    they should stay on the site or look elsewhere. Naming the site "English Student
                    Internships" or something along those lines could cause less frustration amongst
                    visitors to the site as they try to determine if the information is pertinent to
                    them or not.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>This is a good site, but if these recommendations are considered, it could go from
                good to great!</p>
        </context>

    </taskbody>
</task>
